1. Trade

Trading token is the core service of Pools Winery AI Dex. Let explore our service.

Pools Winery AI Dex is an Automated Market Maker (AMM), and trading is at the heart of it all. Winery is

the leading and ever
-
expanding AMM on the Binance Smart Chain, and one of the most popular

Decentralized Exchanges (DEX) ever!

Our Pools Winery AI Dex
 
offers several features that support decentralized trading:

Exchange

Pools Winery AI Dex lets users trade without the need to go through a Centralized Exchange. Everything

you do on Winery is routed directly through your own wallet, no middle man, no other
 
people needed to

involve with your trading.

Liquidity Pools

You can only swap tokens on Pools Winery AI Dex if there is enough liquidity for those tokens. If nobody

has added much liquidity for the tokens you want to swap, it will be difficult, expensive,
 
or even

impossible to do so.

Providing liquidity will get you LP Tokens, which will earn you rewards in the form of trading fees for

making sure there's always liquidity for the exchange to use.

1.1 Token exchange

Token exchange, an exchange of one B
EP
-
20 token for another, has never been easier. With Pools Winery

AI Dex, you only need to select the token you want to trade with and simply click trade to exchange it for

another.

However, this trade will be affected by how many tokens are currently in t
he pool, you can only trade

with the maximum number of tokens in the pool and no more.

When you make a token swap (trade) on the exchange you will pay a 0.17% trading fee, which is broken

down as follows:

0.12%
 
-
 
Returned to Liquidity Pools in the form o
f a fee reward for liquidity providers.

0.05%
 
-
 
Sent to the Pools Winery AI Dex Treasury.

1.2 Token exchange

Quick guide on how to trade on Pools Winery AI Dex. It's easy to trade, Pools Winery AI Dex help you

calculate all numbers and ratio you nee
d to notice before trading.

Setting up

Before trading, you need to create a BNB Smart Chain
-
compatible wallet. Besides, you need to have

some BEP20 tokens to trade with

1.Go to the Pools Winery AI Dex exchange page.

2.Connect your Wallet to Pools Winery
 
AI Dex by clicking Connect Wallet in the top right
-
hand corner.

3. Choose the token you want to trade from the list of the drop
-
down menu in the From section. Please

make sure you actually have some tokens before making the trade.

4. Choose the token you want to exchange it to, and type in the amount you want to exchange To or

From, the amount of the remaining box will be calculated automatically for you and you can click on

exchange to make the change happen.

5. After clicking on t
he Swap button, there will be a window with all the information you have entered

for you to check again.

Once you have carefully checked through all the information, please click the Confirm Swap button to

execute the order to exchange tokens.

6. Now it is
 
done, you can start other trades or choose another service from Winery.

You can see your details transaction on BSCscan by clicking View on bscscan.

1.3 Liquidity pool

What is a Liquidity pool?

When you add tokens to the liquidity pool, you recei
ve Liquidity Provider (LP) tokens and share fees.

LP Token

When tokens are deposited into a crypto liquidity pool, the platform automatically generates a new

token that represents the share the depositor owns of that pool. This is called a liquidity provid
er (LP)

token, and it can be used for a multitude of functions both within its native platform and other

decentralized finance (DeFi) apps.

There are many kinds of LP tokens on the DEX, It’s up to pairs of tokens that providers add to liquidity

pools.

For
 
instance:

If you deposit DPOOLS and BNB in the liquidity pool, you will receive DPOOLS
 
-
 
BNB LP tokens. The

number of LP tokens you receive represents your portion of the DPOOLS
 
-
 
BNB liquidity pool. You can

also eliminate liquidity and then repay your fun
ds at any time.

Liquidity Providers earn trading fees

By providing liquidity, you are rewarded in the form of transaction fees when others use the liquidity

pool.

Whenever someone trades on Pools Winery AI Dex, the trader pays a 0.17% fee, of which 0.12% i
s added

to the Liquidity Pool of the swap pair traded.

For instance:

There are 10 LP tokens representing 10 DPOOLS and 10 BNB tokens.

* 1 LP token = 1 DPOOLS + 1 BNB

* Someone trades 10 DPOOLS for 10 BNB.

* Someone else trades 10 BNB for 10 DPOOLS.

* The D
POOLS/BNB liquidity pool now has 10.012 DPOOLS and 10.012 BNB.

* Each LP token is now worth 1.00012 DPOOLS+ 1.00012 BNB.

To make being a liquidity provider even more worth your while, you can also put your LP tokens to work

whipping up some fresh yield on the DPOOLS Farms, while still earning your 0.12% trading fee reward.

Impermanent Loss

Providing liquidity is not without
 
risk, as you may be exposed to impermanent loss which means tokens

in the AMM pool instead of your wallet and you may not be able to withdraw full fund until there are

others adding more of the same tokens to the pool.

1.4 Aggregator Function

Optimizi
ng your swapping experience by finding the best swapping route

Find the best
-
optimized route

Pools Winery AI Dex bridges over most major decentralized exchanges such as Biswap, PancakeSwap,

BabySwap, or the 0x network.

When you select a trading pair on P
ools Winery AI Dex, for example, AVAX to DOT, Pools Winery AI Dex

compares and analyzes the most optimized rates for the pair on each exchange.

Interaction Aggregation

MultiPath allows you to engage with several services and smart contracts in a single gas
-
efficient

transaction. For example, if you want to exchange BUSD for WBNB and then deposit the WBNB into

Pandora Swap for DOT, Pools Winery AI Dex can now accomplish it all in just one step.

Pools Winery AI Dex routing algorithm explores all relevant rout
es, even those with additional hops. For

reference, if you want to acquire DOT from BUSD, a direct BUSD
 
-
> DOT route might not be the best

option.

In this case, getting the best rate may include swapping BUSD
 
-
> WBNB
 
-
> ETH. There is no need to

compute all
 
of this complexity (across all DEXes) by hand; the Pools Winery AI Dex Aggregator function

does it for you!

Gas Fee Optimizations

To minimize gas use across the platform, Pools Winery AI Dex employs a number of technical evaluation

methods. When analyzing
 
exchanging routes, gas fee are also taken into account.

You can check for the current status of the market gas fee by using BSCscan Gas Tracker

Note:

* The gas price (chosen by the person submitting the transaction) influences the time required for the

transaction to be validated.

* If the gas price is too low, a transaction might never be incorporated into a block.

* Gas costs are accounted for in the route calculations.

2. Earn (Coming Soon)

Learn what you can use LP tokens and POOLS on to earn even bigger rewards

Not only you can invest and hold on to our LP tokens and DPOOLS for a rise in the value of your tokens,

but you can also stake those tokens to earn even more free tokens with Winery.

Oak Barrel

Pools Winery AI Dex let user stake their own LP tokens to earn more DPOOLS with every token staked

this way. Please find more information about Oak Barrel in the next section.

Champagne

The Champagne function is as easy as staking DPOOLS t
o earn other tokens on Pools Winery AI Dex. It is

just that simple. We are developing some other pool that allows you to stake other tokens than DPOOLS.

2.1 Oak Barrel

Staking your LP tokens for even more DPOOLS

Pools Winery AI Dex let user stake t
heir LP tokens to earn even more DPOOLS with every token staked

this way. This is a method for your token to work for you even when it stays in the liquidity pool while

you can double your reward, one from the liquidity pool and the other from Oak Barrel.

Collecting your rewards from Oak Barrel

Oak Barrel will bring you DPOOLS rewards over time. You can collect these rewards and use them to get

more LP Tokens, stake them in Champagne, use them to play Win for a chance to win big, or anything

else you want
 
to. Essentially DPOOLS is just another token you own like anything else, you may also

trade it for another token.

Reward calculations

Oak Barrel (Yield Farm) APR calculations include both:

LP rewards APR earned through providing liquidity and;

Farm bas
e rewards APR earned staking LP Tokens in the Farm.

When you stake your LP tokens in a farm to earn DPOOLS, you're still providing liquidity to the liquidity

pool, so you earn LP rewards too!

Calculating Farm Base Reward APR

The Farm Base APR is calculated according to the farm multiplier and the total am
ount of liquidity in the

farm
 
-
 
this is the amount of DPOOLS distributed to the farm.

Calculating LP Reward APR

On top of that, farmers receive LP rewards for providing liquidity. Here's an example of calculating LP

rewards:

In the WBNB/BUSD pair above, we
 
see these values:

Liquidity: $40.66K

Volume 24H: $792,246

Volume 7D: $20.41K

Calculate yearly fees:

Use the 24H volume to calculate the fee share of liquidity providers in the pool (based on the 0,12%

trading fee structure):

$20.410*0,12/100 = $24.492

Next, use that fee share to estimate the projected yearly fees earned by the pool (based on the current

24h volume): $792,246365 = $289.169,854

We can now use the yearly fees to calculate the LP rewards APR: That's yearly fees divided by liquidity:

($289.
169,854/$40.660)*100 =711,19% LP reward APR

2.2 How to use Oak barrel

Getting prepared

You need a little setup before earning profits with Oak Barrel.

To farm with Oak Barrel you need LP Tokens matching with the Farm. For instance, you can farm on a

BUSD
-
DPOOLS farm when you have BUSD
-
DPOOLS LP tokens.

If you don't have LP tokens, visit here to know how to add a liquidity pool and get LP tokens.

Let's get started with these easy following steps.

Finding your Farm

Before you proceed, you'll want to choose a Farm that's right for you. Visit the Oak Barrel page and you’ll

see a list of available Farms.

When you find a Farm that you'd like to use, note down the trading pair, e.g. DPOOLS
-
BUSD in case you

need it later.

Putting your LP Tokens into a farm

Now that you have your LP Tokens, you’re ready to start staking them on a Farm and earning profits!

Putting your LP Tokens into the Farm

1. Go to the Oak Barrel page and locate the exact Farm you have LP tokens and want t
o farm.

When you’re ready, click the Enable button and confirm your action in your wallet.

2. Click Stake LP and a new window will appear.

Type the amount of LP Tokens you would like to farm with into the field, or just click Max to use all of

your LP Toke
ns.

3. When you have the amount entered, the Confirm button will light up. Click it. Your wallet will ask you

to confirm your action.

4. After a short wait, the window will close, and you will see your new staked LP Token balance in the

details.

Adding or
 
removing LP Tokens from a Farm

You can add more LP Tokens to a Farm at a later date or take some out of a Farm do this very easily

whenever you'd like.

1. Return to the Oak Barrel page. At the top of the page, you'll see a Staked only toggle. Click the tog
gle.

You should now only see the pairs you have LP Tokens in on the list, making it easier to find your Farm.

2. Find the Farm you have LP Tokens in, and click the row to view details. You will see a
 
-
 
and + button on

the right
-
hand side. Click
 
-
 
to remove
 
LP Tokens, or + to add more LP Tokens.

3. A window will open that looks like the one you used earlier to first stake your LP Tokens. Like last time,

type the amount you would like to unstake/stake, or click Max to remove/add all available LP Tokens.

4. Ma
ke sure your information is correct. When you are ready, click the Confirm button and confirm the

action in your wallet.

5. After a short wait, your new balance will show in the details section of your LP Token pair. If you've

unstaked your LP Tokens, any
 
unharvested rewards you had will automatically have been collected.

Collecting your farming rewards

Farming will bring you DPOOLS rewards over time. You can collect these rewards and use them to get

more LP Tokens, stake them in Champagne, use them to play
 
the lottery, or anything else you’d like.

Returning to your Oak Barrel to Harvest

You can harvest both your Oak Barrel and Champagne rewards together from the Home page. If you'd

like to collect your Oak Barrel rewards only, please follow the steps below.

To collect your rewards, you’ll need to visit your chosen Farm and collect the DPOOLS waiting for you.

.

1. Return to the Oak Barrel via our menu to the left of the Pools Winery AI Dex site.

2. Find the Oak Barrel you staked your LP Tokens in, and click t
he row to view details. You should see an

estimate of your rewards under “DPOOLS earned”.

3. Click the Harvest button and confirm the action in your wallet.

After a short wait, the DPOOLS will be claimed to your wallet for you to use as you like.

2.2 Champagne

The choice of staking DPOOLS for any other token is all yours. It is all simple and easy with Pools Winery

AI Dex Champagne

Staking in Champagne
 
lets you earn more tokens even while you are asleep! Be it any tokens of your

choosing, you can stake DPOOLS to get more of them.

It's simpler than staking with Oak Barrel because you don't need LP tokens which cost you 2 types of

token staked. You only ne
ed to stake one token to start earning with Champagne: usually DPOOLS,

however, we are working on more flavor of our champagne so you can stake other tokens than DPOOLS

to earn even more with Pools Winery AI Dex.

Don't let your tokens stay in your wallet,
 
put them to good use.

2.3 How to stake in champagne

Learn how you can use DPOOLS to stake for other token in our Champagne.

Easier to Earn profits with Champagne!

Unlike Oak Barrel, you just need to stake one token, usually DPOOLS to begin earning.

Getting started with Champagne staking

1. Go to the Champagne function page on the site.

2. Connect to your digital wallet by clicking the Connect Wallet button (top right
-
hand side).

3. Choose which Champagne you want to stake in.

4. Once you choose a c
hampagne, click the Enable button. You will need to confirm your decision on

your wallet will ask you to confirm the action.

5. The Enable button should now be replaced with Stake. Click the button to bring up the staking menu.

6. Type in the amount to cho
ose how much DPOOLS you want to stake then click Confirm. Your wallet

will ask you to double
-
check it.

7. The Confirm button will change to "Confirming", then once the transaction is successful, you’ll see

your staked amount change and the button will chan
ge again.

8. You should now be able to see details on your Champagne. It will also show a Collect button to claim

your staking rewards into your wallet.

Adding and removing DPOOLS from a champagne

You can easily add more DPOOLS to a Champagne, or move some DPOOLS to more profitable

champagne. Here’s how you can move your staked POOLS.

1. Either click the
 
-
 
to take some POOLS out of Champagne or the + to add more to the Champagne.

2. Type in the amou
nt you want to add or remove from the champagne and click Confirm for the action

to be executed.

3. Wait for a moment, you'll be able to see your new amount of staked tokens.

3. NFT

3.1 Market Place

Welcome to Pools Winery AI, an innovative NFT Marketp
lace that brings together the world of digital

assets and blockchain technology. Step into a realm where creativity, ownership, and investment

opportunities merge seamlessly.

At Pools Winery AI, you will discover a captivating collection of NFTs curated
 
from a diverse array of

artists, creators, and collectors. Immerse yourself in a world where art, music, gaming, and collectibles

blend harmoniously, offering a range of unique and valuable digital assets.

Our marketplace is built on cutting
-
edge AI tech
nology, providing you with advanced features and tools

to enhance your NFT experience. Explore trending collections, filter through categories, and easily

navigate our user
-
friendly interface to find the perfect NFTs that resonate with your interests and

p
references.

With a focus on authenticity and provenance, Pools Winery AI ensures a secure and transparent

environment for both buyers and sellers. Each NFT is backed by blockchain technology, verifying its

ownership and preserving its unique value.

Eng
age in dynamic auctions and sales events, where you can participate in bidding wars and seize

exclusive NFTs that capture your imagination. Connect with a vibrant community of NFT enthusiasts,

artists, and collectors, fostering collaboration and the exchan
ge of ideas.

Whether you are an artist seeking a platform to showcase your creations, an investor looking for exciting

opportunities, or an enthusiast eager to explore the world of digital ownership, Pools Winery AI is your

gateway to the future of NFTs.

Join us today and unlock a world of limitless possibilities where innovation, artistry, and technology

intertwine. Discover, collect, and trade NFTs on Pools Winery AI, where the power of blockchain and AI

converge to redefine the way we experience digi
tal assets.